The Kingdom Hall
of Jehovah’s Witnesses
is now a reality in this prison,
the prison of Bollate.
It has been up and running
for around a year and a half.
And a truly notable
number of inmates attend,
who every Thursday
and every Sunday
freely choose to take part
in the meetings.
All Bible topics are discussed
and also the relationship
with the authorities,
relationships with,
that is the relationship with
the outside world,
respect for the rules.
The knowledge
that so many people
attend the meetings
of the Kingdom Hall
—that are held
in the Kingdom Hall—
has convinced us that it was
an excellent choice, worthwhile.
A Kingdom Hall
in other detention centers,
well, that would be a great idea.